# Contributing

## Code Style
Code styles are predefined in the RubyMine/IntelliJ project files. Also, the
[Rails Community Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide) covers majority of the
styles that we use.

### Documentation
Write Yardoc when implementing classes. Yardoc is preferred because RubyMine is able to infer
parameter and return types when annotated using it.

Run `yard stats --list-undoc` to find which methods need documenting.

## Tests
Run tests using `rake spec`.

Try to group tests according to their purpose. Feature tests should be namespaced using colons
for tidiness (e.g. `Courses: Users`)

Write your tests to be as compartmentalised from other tests as possible. Compartmentalised tests
are those that do not depend on any external state to run. This would allow tests to be run in
parallel.

When defining constants, by default all constants would go to the global namespace and 
potentially cause your specs to intefere with each other. To overcome this,
[prefix all constants with `self::`](http://stackoverflow.com/a/6025300).

In Rails, controller specs will always execute the `rescue_from` handlers. In our specs, we 
disable that by default; to execute controllers with the handlers enabled, declare `run_rescue` 
within the example group.

## Developer Tools
The project's Gemfile contains a few developer tools to help keep the project tidy:

 - _Traceroute_ checks that the routes are properly defined and reachable.
 - _i18n-tasks_ checks that the localisations are all defined and used.

## Models
Declare model attributes in the following order:

 1. includes (e.g. `include UserPasswordConcern`)
 2. declarations (e.g. `acts_as :superclass`, `stampable`)
 3. callbacks
 4. attribute overrides (e.g. `enum`s, workflows)
 5. validations
 6. associations
 7. scopes

This allows models to be inherited. See the section on _Inherited Callback Queues_ from
[`ActiveRecord::Callbacks`](http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Callbacks.html#module-ActiveRecord::Callbacks-label-Inheritable+callback+queues).

## Views
The same code style for Ruby code applies to all views (e.g. single quotes unless interpolations
are used.) There is no linting for views at this point, but that might change in future.

By default, page titles will be generated by reversing breadcrumbs, so the name of current resource
will always be clearly present at the start of the title (for users to quickly switch to the tab
when many tabs are open). This will also allow users to jump to a page by the location in the
module.

Custom page titles can be specified in views with `content_for(:page_title, 'title here')`. If
present they will override the default titles.

The Coursemology branding will automatically be appended to all page titles.

Use the `page_header` helper in resource `index` pages. All toolbar items dealing with a resource
should be placed in the block that `page_header` accepts. On smaller screens, the toolbar should
wrap below the title.

Use `content_tag_for` or `div_for` helper whenever you want to present an active_record object (such
as in lists/tables). This makes your code more readable and enforces the consistency in views.

When specifying the class list of tags in templates or helpers, specify them as an array over a
space-delimited list. This allows other parts of the view rendering pipeline to modify the set of
classes which should be applied to an element. Use the Slim shorthand for classes, where possible.

When displaying translations for long stretches of text (e.g. a paragraph), use Rails'
`simple_format` view helper to present the text. This automatically paragraphs the translations.

When using Simple Form remember to declare `f.error_notification`.

## Breadcrumbs
Remember to specify page breadcrumbs in **controllers** with the `add_breadcrumb` helper.

Controllers which involve resources should have breadcrumbs for all relevant actions. These are
specified in individual **views**.

Actions which involve a resource member (`show`, `edit`) should have breadcrumb text which describes
the resource, e.g. showing its title or name.

## Themes
Themes are provided by [themes_on_rails](https://github.com/yoolk/themes_on_rails). Coursemology
uses standard Bootstrap 3 styles, so it is possible to theme Coursemology using any Bootstrap 3
template.

Bootstrap is included in `assets/styles/application.scss`. Coursemology's markup is semantically 
written, modulo extras that Bootstrap requires to work. Themes should therefore `@import
'application';` in their theme stylesheets, and override the base styles there.

It also follows that because the application stylesheet has been deferred to themes, the base
Coursemology application _cannot_ define an application template. Coursemology instead implements a
`default` theme which contains the default application template and the default Bootstrap 3 styles.
Application components still implement their views in `app/views`, with themes given the option to
override them in the theme directory.

A sample theme (for [coursemology.org](http://coursemology.org)) can be found in the
[coursemology2-coursemology.org project]
(http://github.com/coursemology/coursemology2-coursemology.org-theme)

## Libraries
The `lib` directory is not autoloaded, as described in this [blog post](http://hakunin.com/rails3-load-paths#if-you-add-code-in-your-lib-directory). However, the `lib/autoload`
directory is. Place libraries which will be autoloaded in that directory instead.

## Nested layouts
Following a paradigm similar to that described by [André Arko](http://andre.arko.net/2013/02/02/nested-layouts-on-rails--31/),
layouts can be nested. This is most visible when defining a global layout, and then a sub-layout
for course modules (with the sidebar). Our implementation is similar, but instead of an
application helper, we extend ActionView directly, so templates look like:

 ```ruby
 render within: 'parent_template' do
   | Extra pre-adornments
   = yield
   | Extra post-adornments
 end
 ```
