README.md, before:

# Coursemology [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Coursemology/coursemology2)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Coursemology/coursemology2) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/Coursemology/coursemology2) [![Security](https://hakiri.io/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/master.svg)](https://hakiri.io/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/master) [![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg?branch=master&style=flat-square)](http://inch-ci.org/github/Coursemology/coursemology2)
[![Slack](http://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com/badge.svg)](http://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com)

<a href="http://coursemology.org"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Coursemology/coursemology.org/development/public/images/coursemology_logo_landscape_100.png"
 alt="Coursemology logo" title="Coursemology" align="right" /></a>

Coursemology is an open source gamified learning platform that enables
educators to increase student engagement and make learning fun.

## Setting up Coursemology

### System Requirements

1. Ruby (>= 2.3.1)
2. Ruby on Rails
3. PostgreSQL
4. ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick (For [MiniMagick](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick))
5. Node.js
6. Yarn

Coursemology uses [Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/).
In addition, some front-end components use
[React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/).
This [guide](https://gorails.com/setup/) written by the awesome people at
GoRails should help you to get started on Ruby on Rails.

### Getting Started

 1. We use submodules in the git repo; use this command to update submodules:  
    ~~~ sh
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ~~~

 2. Download bundler to install dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ gem install bundler
    ~~~

 3. Install ruby dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ bundle install --without ci:production
    ~~~

 4. Install javascript dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ cd client && yarn; cd -
    ~~~

 5. Create and seed the database

    ~~~ sh
    $ bundle exec rake db:setup
    ~~~

 6. Start [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/) and the development app server

    ~~~ sh
    $ foreman start
    ~~~
    Or if you are not using foreman:
    ~~~sh
    # Start the webpack dev server:
    $ cd client && yarn build:development

    # Run this command to compile the assets before running the test suite.
    $ cd client && yarn build:test
    ~~~

 7. You're all set! Simply login with the default username and password:

> Email: `test@example.org`
>
> Password: `Coursemology!`

### Configuration

  To make sure that multi tenancy works correctly for you, change the default host in
  `config/application.rb` before deploying:
  ~~~ ruby
  config.x.default_host = 'your_domain.com'
  ~~~

## Found Boogs?

Create an issue on the Github [issue tracker](https://github.com/Coursemology/coursemology2/issues) or come talk to us over at our [Slack channels](https://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com/).

## License

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Coursemology.org. This software is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgments

The Coursemology.org Project was made possible by a number of teaching development grants from the National University of Singapore over the years.

Commit message:

Add Contributing and Using sections to README.
[ci skip]

README.md, after:

# Coursemology [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Coursemology/coursemology2)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Coursemology/coursemology2) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/Coursemology/coursemology2) [![Security](https://hakiri.io/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/master.svg)](https://hakiri.io/github/Coursemology/coursemology2/master) [![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/Coursemology/coursemology2.svg?branch=master&style=flat-square)](http://inch-ci.org/github/Coursemology/coursemology2)
[![Slack](http://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com/badge.svg)](http://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com)

<a href="http://coursemology.org"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Coursemology/coursemology.org/development/public/images/coursemology_logo_landscape_100.png"
 alt="Coursemology logo" title="Coursemology" align="right" /></a>

Coursemology is an open source gamified learning platform that enables
educators to increase student engagement and make learning fun.

## Setting up Coursemology

### System Requirements

1. Ruby (>= 2.3.1)
2. Ruby on Rails
3. PostgreSQL
4. ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick (For [MiniMagick](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick))
5. Node.js
6. Yarn

Coursemology uses [Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/).
In addition, some front-end components use
[React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/).
This [guide](https://gorails.com/setup/) written by the awesome people at
GoRails should help you to get started on Ruby on Rails.

### Getting Started

 1. We use submodules in the git repo; use this command to update submodules:  
    ~~~ sh
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ~~~

 2. Download bundler to install dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ gem install bundler
    ~~~

 3. Install ruby dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ bundle install --without ci:production
    ~~~

 4. Install javascript dependencies

    ~~~ sh
    $ cd client && yarn; cd -
    ~~~

 5. Create and seed the database

    ~~~ sh
    $ bundle exec rake db:setup
    ~~~

 6. Start [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/) and the development app server

    ~~~ sh
    $ foreman start
    ~~~
    Or if you are not using foreman:
    ~~~sh
    # Start the webpack dev server:
    $ cd client && yarn build:development

    # Run this command to compile the assets before running the test suite.
    $ cd client && yarn build:test
    ~~~

 7. You're all set! Simply login with the default username and password:

> Email: `test@example.org`
>
> Password: `Coursemology!`

### Configuration

  To make sure that multi tenancy works correctly for you, change the default host in
  `config/application.rb` before deploying:
  ~~~ ruby
  config.x.default_host = 'your_domain.com'
  ~~~

## Found Boogs?

Create an issue on the Github [issue tracker](https://github.com/Coursemology/coursemology2/issues) or come talk to us over at our [Slack channels](https://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com/).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to Coursemology!
Check out the [issue tracker](https://github.com/coursemology/coursemology2/issues) and pick
something you'll like to work on.
Please read our
[Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/Coursemology/coursemology2/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for guidance on our conventions.

If you are a student from NUS Computing looking for an FYP project, do check with
[Prof Ben Leong](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~bleong/).

## License

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Coursemology.org. This software is licensed under the MIT License.

## Using Coursemology

You're more than welcome to use Coursemology for your own school or organization.
If you need more help, [join](http://coursemology-slack.herokuapp.com/) our Slack channel
to reach our core developers.

We are actively running Coursemology in beta and can provide free use of our infrastructure
on a case by case basis. Please contact [Prof Ben Leong](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~bleong/)
if you would like to explore this option.

## Acknowledgments

The Coursemology.org Project was made possible by a number of teaching development grants from the National University of Singapore over the years.
